[ASM] - EXPANDR -  1578 (#24380)
demisto/content: Packs/CortexAttackSurfaceManagement/README.md

![Cortex ASM - Remediation](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/demisto/content/23747a450237bb3762d7ec7788d5ff582c8576db/Packs/CortexAttackSurfaceManagement/doc_files/Cortex_ASM_-_Remediation.png)

#### Cortex ASM - Azure Enrichment

Playbook that given the IP address enriches Azure information relevant to ASM alerts.	
![Cortex ASM - Azure Enrichment](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/demisto/content/69b67c9a2330cbe9002d6d0ec8f32dbccb0c6877/Packs/CortexAttackSurfaceManagement/doc_files/Cortex_ASM_-_Azure_Enrichment.png)

#### Cortex ASM - GCP Enrichment

Playbook that given the IP address enriches GCP information relevant to ASM alerts.	
![Cortex ASM - GCP Enrichment](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/demisto/content/23747a450237bb3762d7ec7788d5ff582c8576db/Packs/CortexAttackSurfaceManagement/doc_files/Cortex_ASM_-_GCP_Enrichment.png)

#### Cortex ASM - SNMP Check

Playbook that given the IP address checks if SNMP is enabled or not and returns versions running.
![Cortex ASM - SNMP Check](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/demisto/content/348579775c6c9b239d156f5398fd5c5a98e9458c/Packs/CortexAttackSurfaceManagement/doc_files/Cortex_ASM_-_SNMP_Check.png)

#### Cortex ASM - Decision

> Playbook that returns "RemediationAction" options based on meeting "Automated Remediation Requirements" as well as whether ServiceNowV2 integration is setup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Playbook that returns "RemediationAction" options based on meeting "Automated Remediation Requirements" as well as whether ServiceNowV2 integration is set up.
```

![Cortex ASM - Decision](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/demisto/content/7b2f8db22f0be0cc55f8f0663894f459c3b3801e/Packs/CortexAttackSurfaceManagement/doc_files/Cortex_ASM_-_Decision.png)

#### Cortex ASM - Remediation Path Rules

> Playbook that returns "RemediationAction" options based return from Remediation Path Rules API, or defaults to data collection task options from "Cortex ADM - Decision" subplaybook.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Playbook that returns "RemediationAction" options based on the return from the Remediation Path Rules API, or defaults to data collection task options from the "Cortex ADM - Decision" sub-playbook.
```
